Internet Download Manager v6.03 Beta
Windows 7/Vista/XP/2000


The included 'Remove Registration.reg' file is for removing unwanted registration entries prior to installation.

Install IDM
Close your browser if open.
Exit IDM from tray if running.

Copy the content of the 'Crack' folder into the installation directory to overwrite.
(Default: 'C:\Program Files\Internet Download Manager').

Double-click/Merge 'Registration.reg' to add information to the Registry and activate.

Done


If ever needed, add these 'block' lines to your'Hosts' file at C:\WINDOWS\system32\drivers\etc\hosts:

127.0.0.1 tonec.com
127.0.0.1 www.tonec.com
127.0.0.1 registeridm.com
127.0.0.1 www.registeridm.com
127.0.0.1 secure.registeridm.com
127.0.0.1 internetdownloadmanager.com
127.0.0.1 www.internetdownloadmanager.com
127.0.0.1 secure.internetdownloadmanager.com
127.0.0.1 mirror.internetdownloadmanager.com
127.0.0.1 mirror2.internetdownloadmanager.com
127.0.0.1 mirror3.internetdownloadmanager.com

=============================================

Internet Download Manager (IDM) is a tool to increase download speeds by up to 5 times, resume and schedule downloads.
Comprehensive error recovery and resume capability will restart broken or interrupted downloads due to lost connections, network problems, computer shutdowns, or unexpected power outages.

Simple graphic user interface makes IDM user friendly and easy to use.
Internet Download Manager has a smart download logic accelerator that features intelligent dynamic file segmentation and safe multipart downloading technology to accelerate your downloads.
Unlike other download managers and accelerators Internet Download Manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download process and reuses available connections without additional connect and login stages to achieve best acceleration performance.

Internet Download Manager supports proxy servers, ftp and http protocols, firewalls, redirects, cookies, authorization, MP3 audio and MPEG video content processing.

IDM integrates seamlessly into Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape, MSN Explorer, AOL, Opera, Mozilla, Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla Firebird, Avant Browser, MyIE2, and all other popular browsers to automatically handle your downloads.

You can also drag and drop files, or use Internet Download Manager from command line. Internet Download Manager can dial your modem at the set time, download the files you want, then hang up or even shut down your computer when it's done.

Other features include multilingual support, zip preview, download categories, scheduler pro, sounds on different events, HTTPS support, queue processor, html help and tutorial, enhanced virus protection on download completion, progressive downloading with quotas (useful for connections that use some kind of fair access policy or FAP like Direcway, Direct PC, Hughes, etc.), built-in download accelerator, and many others.

IDM download panel for web-players can be used to download flash videos from sites like YouTube, MySpaceTV, and Google Videos.
It also features YouTube grabber, redeveloped scheduler, and MMS protocol support.
The new version also adds improved integration for IE and IE based browsers, redesigned and enhanced download engine, the unique advanced integration into all latest browsers, improved toolbar, and a wealth of other improvements and new features.

All popular browsers and applications are supported
Internet Download Manager supports all popular browsers including Internet Explorer, Netscape, MSN Explorer, AOL, Opera, Mozilla, Mozilla Firefox, Mozilla Firebird, Avant Browser, MyIE2, and all other popular browsers.
Internet Download Manager supports all versions of all popular browsers, and it can be integrated into any Internet application to take over downloads using unique "Advanced Browser Integration" feature.
 
Download Speed Acceleration.
Internet Download Manager can accelerate downloads by up to 5 times due to its intelligent dynamic file segmentation technology. Unlike other download managers and accelerators Internet Download Manager segments downloaded files dynamically during download process and reuses available connections without additional connect and login stages to achieve best acceleration performance.

Download Resume.
When you click on a download link in a browser, IDM will take over the download and accelerate it. You don't need to do anything special, just browse the Internet as you usually do. IDM will catch your downloads and accelerate them. IDM supports HTTP, FTP, HTTPS and MMS protocols.
		
Internet Download Manager will resume unfinished download from the place where they left off. Comprehensive error recovery and resume capability will restart broken or interrupted downloads due to lost or dropped connections, network problems, computer shutdowns, or unexpected power outages.

YouTube grabber.
Internet Download Manager can record and download FLV videos from popular sites like YouTube, MySpaceTV, and Google Video. The best way of downloading webpage embedded videos from the Internet is here. After installing IDM, "Download This Video" button pops up whenever you are watching a video anywhere in the Internet. Just click on the button to start downloading clips.
 
Antivirus checking.
Antivirus checking makes your downloads free from viruses and trojans. IDM can automatically run a scanner on download completion, like AdAware, Avast, Spybot, AVG Anti-Virus, McAfee, SpywareBlaster, CCleaner and others to protect users from harmful downloaded files.
 
Built-in Scheduler.
Internet Download Manager can connect to the Internet at a set time, download the files you want, disconnect, or shut down your computer when it's done. You can also synchronize changes using periodic synchronization of files. It's possible to create and schedule several download queues for downloading or synchronization.

Drag and Drop.
You may simply drag and drop links to IDM, and drag and drop downloaded files out of Internet Download Manager.
		
Advanced Browser Integration.
When enabled, the feature can be used to catch any download from any application. None of download managers have this feature.

Web site spider and grabber.
IDM downloads all required files that are specified with filters from web sites, for example all pictures from a web site, or subsets of web sites, or complete web sites for offline browsing. It's possible to schedule multiple grabber projects to run them once at a specified time, stop them at a specified time, or run periodically to synchronize changes.

Customizable Interface
You may choose the order, buttons, and columns to appear on the main IDM window. There are several different skins for the toolbar with different button styles. All skins can be downloaded from IDM home site. Also users can design their own skins.

IDM supports many types of proxy servers.
For example, IDM works with Microsoft ISA, and FTP proxy servers.
Thus IDM can access many Internet and proxy servers using login name and password.

Download All feature.
IDM can add all downloads linked to the current page. It's easy to download multiple files with this feature.
 
Progressive downloading with quotas feature limits downloading to defined number of megabytes per hour. The feature is useful for connections that use fair access policy (or FAP) like Direcway, Direct PC, Hughes, etc.

Multilingual.
IDM is translated to Albanian, Arabic, Azerbaijan, Bosnian, Bulgarian, Chinese, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Farsi, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Lithuanian, Macedonian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Thai, Turkish, and Uzbek languages.
		
Download Categories.
Internet Download Manager can be used to organize downloads automatically using defined download categories.

Changes in v6.03:

* Fixed compatibility problems with different browsers including Google Chrome.
* Improved FLV grabber to save videos from web players on YouTube, Google Video, MySpace TV, and other popular sites
		
Language files: http://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/language.html


http://www.internetdownloadmanager.com/