RELIGION

60% Christian, 15% Muslim, 25% traditional African religions

Ghana has the highest percentage of Christians in West Africa, but the belief in
traditional animist religions is still extremely common.

Council Of State
The need for a body of elders to advise the President in the performance of his duties has always been given consideration by this country since the period of colonial rule. The general consensus of various Constitutional Commissions and Committees has been that the nation was not ready for a second chamber of Parliament but would accept the concept of a Council of Elders called the Council of State. However, the Council of State came into existence when the 1969 Constitution came into effect. Subsequent Constitutions of 1979 and 1992 also maintained the Council of State. 

Constitutionaly, the Council of State has 25 members. Of this, eleven (11) are nominated by the President of the Republic, ten (10) are elected from each of the ten (10) regions and four (4) represent institutions. These four members who are ex-officio members are: a former Chief Justice, a former Chief of Defence Staff (CDS), a former Inspector-General of Police (IGP) and the sitting President of the National House of Chiefs.  

Presently, 24 members have taken the oath as members of the fourth Council of State of the Fourth Republic (2005-2008). However, 23 members are currently in office since one of them, Hon Mr Kwesi Armah, passed away in 2006.  A former Chief Justice is yet to be appointed to complete the list. 

The main work of the Council is to advise the President in the performance of his functions. It also advises Ministers of State, Parliament and other public institutions estalished by the Constitution.  The institutions are, however, not bound in any way to accept the recommendations of the Council. 

Also, the President is required to consult the Council of State in the appointment of high-ranking public servants such as: the Chief Justice, the Inspector-General of Police, the Commissioner for Internal Revenue Service (IRS),  Ambassadors, etc.  

The Council has appointed six Committees for the  effective performance of its duties. These are: the Appointments Committee, the Human Resource Development Committee, the Welfare and Physical Development Committee, the Good Goevernance and Petitions Committee, the Economy and Private Sector Committee and the Security Committee. 

The Council of State is not a common feature on the political environment of many nations. Few countries like France, Sierra Leone and Saudi Arabia have a similar structure.
